Added Emi20 as a keyboard with the default keymap (#13603)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/Emi20/readme.md

# Emi20

![Emi20](https://i.imgur.com/Tt9ogmWl.jpg)

A compact 4x5 ortholinear keyboard made by Project Aqua and sold by Evil-cables.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [AquaCylinder](https://github.com/AquaCylinder)
* Hardware Supported: PCB, Atmega32u4

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make emi20:default

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Emi20

> ![Emi20](https://i.imgur.com/Tt9ogmW.jpg)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Emi20](https://i.imgur.com/Tt9ogmWl.jpg)
```

Author: Why would I need to add the 1 to the link? Is this for if I would for example want to add more images?

Reviewer: It's a lowercase L, to make imgur serve it at a smaller size. The original image is 3240x2340, this will make it a more reasonable 640x462.

Author: Ooh that makes more sense 😅

A compact 4x5 ortholinear keyboard made by Project Aqua and sold by Evil-cables.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [AquaCylinder](https://github.com/AquaCylinder)
* Hardware Supported: PCB, Atmega32u4

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     make Emi20:default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make emi20:default
```
Folder name also needs to be changed to lowercase.

> 
> For reset instruction, use the physical reset button on the back of the keyboard to enter bootloader mode or use the keycombo (on layer 1) with te most bottom left and the key second key from the top right diagonally. KC_MPLY and KC_NLCK. See: 
> 
>     KC_TRNS, 	KC_VOLD, 	KC_VOLU, 	KC_CALC, 
> 	KC_MPRV, 	KC_MSTP, 	KC_MPLY, 	KC_MNXT, 
> 	KC_NO, 		KC_NO, 		KC_NO, 		KC_NO, 
> 	KC_NO, 		KC_NO, 		KC_UP, 		KC_NO,
> 	KC_NLCK, 	KC_LEFT, 	KC_DOWN, 	KC_RGHT),

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To reset the board into bootloader mode, press the physical reset button on the back of the PCB or use the keycombo (on layer 1) with the bottom left key and the second key from the top right diagonally.
```
